Support multiple paths with asterisks (#1860)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/04-70-changes-in-apirule-v2.md

- Use the `{**}` operator (for example, `/foo/{**}` or `/foo/{**}/bar`). This operator represents any request that matches the pattern with zero or more path segments in the operator’s place. It must be the last operator in the path.
- Use the wildcard path `/*`, which matches all paths. It’s equivalent to the `/{**}` path. If your configuration in APIRule `v1beta1` used such a path as `/foo(.*)`, when migrating to the new versions, you must define configurations for two separate paths: `/foo` and `/foo/{**}`.

> > [!NOTE] The order of rules in the APIRule CR is important. Rules defined earlier in the list have a higher priority than those defined later. Therefore, we recommend defining `rules` from the most specific `path` to the most general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] The order of rules in the APIRule CR is important. Rules defined earlier in the list have a higher priority than those defined later. Therefore, we recommend defining rules from the most specific path to the most general.
```

> Operators allow to define a single APIRule that matches multiple request paths.
> However, this also introduces the possibility of path conflicts.
> A path conflict occurs when two or more APIRule resources match the same path. This is why rule order is important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operators allow you to define a single APIRule that matches multiple request paths.
However, this also introduces the possibility of path conflicts.
A path conflict occurs when two or more APIRule resources match the same path. This is why the order of the rules is important.
```
